Added msg-invoke-action command (#45124)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphSecurity/Integrations/MicrosoftGraphSecurity/README.md

There is no context output for this command.

### msg-invoke-action

***
Performs remediation actions for identity accounts.

#### Base Command

`msg-invoke-action`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| identityAccountsId | The identifier of the accounts that are monitored for suspicious or malicious activity by Microsoft Defender for Identity. | Required |
| accountId | The identifier of the account to perform the action on. | Required |
| action | The type of action to perform on the account. Possible values are: disable, enable, forcePasswordReset, revokeAllSessions, requireUserToSignInAgain and markUserAsCompromised. | Required |

> | identityProvider | The identity provider associated with the account. Possible values are: entraID, activeDirectory and okta. | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| identity_accounts_id | The identifier of the accounts that are monitored for suspicious or malicious activity by Microsoft Defender for Identity. | Required |
| account_id | The identifier of the account to perform the action on. | Required |
| action | The type of action to perform on the account. Possible values are: disable, enable, forcePasswordReset, revokeAllSessions, requireUserToSignInAgain and markUserAsCompromised. | Required |
| identity_provider | The identity provider associated with the account. Possible values are: entraID, activeDirectory and okta. | Required |
```
